====
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
====

*Throughput_tests
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Throughput_tests/0K-rate-100B-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Throughput_tests/0K-rate-500B-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Throughput_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Throughput_tests/0K-rate-1.5KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Throughput_tests/0K-rate-2KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Throughput_tests/0K-rate-4KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Throughput_tests/1K-rate-100B-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
1K-rate-500B-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c
1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c
1K-rate-1.5KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c
1K-rate-2KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Throughput_tests/1K-rate-4KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
*Latency_tests
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Throughput_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/2K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/4K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/6K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/8K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/125-rate-8KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/250-rate-8KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/500-rate-8KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/750-rate-8KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/1K-rate-8KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/2K-rate-8KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Latency_tests/4K-rate-8KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
*Partitions_test
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-50-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-10-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-2-partitions-2p-2c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-4-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-8-partitions-8p-8c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-6-partitions-6p-6c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-2-partitions-2p-2c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-4-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-8-partitions-8p-8c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-6-partitions-6p-6c.yaml
*Topics_tests
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Partitions_test/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Topics_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-100-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Topics_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-200-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Topics_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-50-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Topics_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-150-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Topics_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Topics_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-100-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Topics_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-200-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Topics_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-50-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Topics_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-150-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
*Producer_Consumer_Test
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Producer_Consumer_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-2p-2c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Producer_Consumer_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Producer_Consumer_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-8p-8c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Producer_Consumer_tests/0K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-6p-6c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Producer_Consumer_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-2p-2c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Producer_Consumer_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-4p-4c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Producer_Consumer_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-8p-8c.yaml
bin/benchmark --drivers driver-kafka/kafka-exactly-once-rep3.yaml --workers $WORKERS workloads/tests/Producer_Consumer_tests/1K-rate-1KB-size-1-topic-1-partitions-6p-6c.yaml